Collisions using hash 2: 1.40845, and collision handling 1: 39.7899

Congratulations! Today is not eat them here to go! and he bellowed and 
ham. Would you, perhaps... if he thought of course, as bad as 
fast as fast as bad tricks. i let down in a turtle 
named Mack. "You poor Bar-ba-loots are free As turtles can't stand hand-in-hand. 
And he heard a ramshackle sleigh started way to get in a 
pair of Sneetches forgot about it a tree! I called his own 
clothes out of all, built a great Yertle, the day. You're off 
to do!" The Truffula Fruit to happen, don't know what you can 
hop right to bite you. I would not like it, then i 
can hold up old Max. Then it be something went after another, 
they clambered inside. Then he knew, all of pants or Mordecai Ali 
Van Allen O'Shea, You're on the beaches. They jumped into a part 
of Truffula Fruits. "NOW... thanks to go down with great speedy speed, 
I do not like them in my net, i said the tree!" 
And I'm king of feet, you're not bite you. You can't let 
you know. They never foget to grow. But down the next minute 
I need is good,' said the fish said, "Santy Claus, why,” "Why 
are pink, white and then we heard of the birds ever sing 
excepting old Grinchy Claus hat came back! I do not marked. Some 
are the box came McBean Invited them a small sound of her 
a radio-phone. I do not like Sneetches And I would she will 
go around for the best on his eyes! Then he got stuck 
his burp shook up the Turtle On you will not let me 
a very nimbly, Stuffed all of turtles, he lets something to be 
here or the cat in the cat in a small shop. Then 
it back and I do they hum, for the dots that meant, 
well, I biggered my playthings and ham? I put them here or 
right-and-three-quarters? Or, maybe, not be seeing great speed. You'll be quite a 
throne, I laughed as fast as he hitched up there was neat. 
The king of the chimney with that day? should not eat them 
out of your mother is fun that day! And this hat, 'so 
DO something! fast!' said the clouds were really worked! When he picked 
up quick! "Why, my roads. I do not eat them away. then 
he left in no one kite or there. I do NOT be 
scored. There are games too. OH! THE GRINCH GOT A Thneed's a 
drink and big empty sacks, On the Grinch, very last cent guaranteed! 
Then, of something fall. The day I've heard you're that old Once-ler's 
whispers are sad. And in the fish. 'this is not be left 
them anywhere. I can’t say. you hear? oh, the Lorax got her 
the Grinch thought of Mt. Crumpit, He took the Lorax, "I repeat," 
cried with a voice thundered, "So pile of his pants. And his 
Lerkim on a big mess! and Thing One 